---
layout: post
title: In The Works...
---

> So many things to do, so little time to do them in

*-- Everyone, forever*

I haven't finished anything I've started in a while, but that will change eventually.
Currently in the works I have a couple projects in no order of importance.

* pyhdltypes: Python implementation of VHDL datatypes.
    * Originally intended to work with cocotb. Due to some decisions there, the fate of this project is uncertain.
    * Also, I hate mypy, but I'm still trying to use it for some insane reason.
* pyvertb: Python Verification And Testbench
    * Shitty name for a cocotb extension that brings concepts and infrastructure for verification to cocotb.
    * A rip from a work-internal project that I am still ironing out details on.
    * Also, I want to release a post on the design philosophy of it.
* cocotb project automation
    * Will release a post on design philosophy of tool automation.
    * Working with cocotb contributors to bring a high-quality, but still simple and extensible project automation framework to users to replace those godawful makefiles.
* exploring programming language design
    * A few posts on squeezing more functionality out of structured programming.
    * A post on what problems class-based OOP solves and the limitations of classes as a language construct.
    * A post on why "protocols" and structural subtyping aren't the answer.
    * A post on a proposed alternative.
    * And finally, an initial release of the programming language I've been developing.

*Hoping* to get all this done by next spring.
Might work on training courses for cocotb and pyvertb after that.
Or might be investigating a cocotb alternative that runs the test out-of-process by running the simulator as a service.

Writing is hard.
Collecting and serializing thoughts is a lot of work.
But it won't get any easier until I do it more.
